# Updating from V1 to V2

**Full changelog is avaiable on [Github](https://github.com/Sheweny/framework/master/dev/CHANGELOG.md)**

## Sheweny Client

In this new version you will find new options:

- `joinThreadsOnCreate` : This option makes the bot join threads when they are created.
- `mode` : This option allows to run the bot in production or development mode

The way to access the collections has to change. Instead of `client.commands`, `client.events`, `client.buttons` etc you should do `client.collections.commands`, `client.collections.events`, `client.collections.buttons` etc

## Handlers

### Commands handler

in version 2 the message commands and interaction commands are loaded at the same time.
You no longer need the `ApplicationCommandsHandler` and `MessagesCommandsHandler` handlers but only `CommandsManager`.

Version 2 also supports slash-command permissions.
You can use the `registerPermissions` function of the CommandsManager class or place the `applicationPermissions: true` option in the constructor.

::: warning
Actualy the permissions are only available for guilds. You can put an array of guilds ids in the function but discord no support the permissions for global commands.
:::

Setup in client :

```js
const { ShewenyClient } = require("sheweny");

const client = new ShewenyClient({
  intents: ["GUILDS"],
  managers: {
    commands: {
      directory: "./commands",
      guildId: "877090306103840778", // Register commands and context-menus in this guild
      prefix: "!",
      applicationPermissions: true,
    },
  },
});
```

Setup with class :

```js
const { ShewenyClient, CommandsManager } = require("sheweny");

const client = new ShewenyClient({ intents: ["GUILDS"] });

const commandsHandler = new CommandsManager(client, "./commands", {
  prefix: "!",
});

commandsHandler.loadAll().then(() => {
  commandsHandler.registerAllApplicationCommands(
    client.collections.commands,
    "877090306103840778"
  );
});
```

### Inhibitors handler

The `InhibitorsHandler` class has been renamed to `InhibitorsManager`.

### Events handler

The `EventsHandler` class has been renamed to `EventsManager`.

### Buttons handler

The `ButtonsHandler` class has been renamed to `ButtonsManager`.

### SelectMenus handler

The `SelectMenusHandler` class has been renamed to `SelectMenusManager`.

## Structures

### Commands

In version 2 you no longer need 2 types of structures for your orders. `ApplicationCommand` and `MessageCommand` merge to give `Command`

Version 2 also supports arguments for message commands thanks to a new property: `args`. The `options` property for slash-commands is kept.

It is now necessary to specify the type of command each time in the commands. The available types are : `MESSAGE_COMMANDS` or `SLASH_COMMAND` or `CONTEXT_MENU_USER` or `CONTEXT_MENU_MESSAGE`.
