# Updating from V2 to V3

**Full changelog is avaiable on [Github](https://github.com/Sheweny/framework/master/dev/CHANGELOG.md)**

::: warning
The version 3.0.0 of Sheweny require discord.js version 13.3.0 or higher.
:::

## Sheweny Client

The `handlers` option has been renamed to `managers`.  
See [ShewenyClientOptions](../../doc/typedef/ShewenyClientOptions.md)

The `util` property now return a [ClientUtil](../../doc/client/ClientUtil.md) class.

## Managers

### Buttons manager

- The options of `ButtonsManager` has been changed :

The first parameter is the client and the second is an object with the [BaseManagerOptions](../../doc/typedef/ManagerOptions.md#basemanageroptions)

- New methods :

`unloadAll()` to unload all buttons.  
See [ButtonsManager#unloadAll](../../doc/managers/ButtonsManager.md#unloadall)

### Commands manager

- The options of `CommandsManager` has been changed :

The first parameter is the client and the second is an object with the [CommandsManagerOptions](../../doc/typedef/ManagerOptions.md#commandsmanageroptions)

The `guildId` option now support an array of guild id.  
See [CommandsManagerOptions#guildId](../../doc/typedef/ManagerOptions.md#commandsmanageroptions#guildid)

- New options :

`autoRegisterApplicationCommands` for choose if the commands manager should automatically register the application commands.

- New methods :

`unloadAll()` to unload all commands.  
See [CommandsManager#unloadAll](../../doc/managers/CommandsManager.md#unloadall)

### Events manager

- The options of `EventsManager` has been changed :

The first parameter is the client and the second is an object with the [BaseManagerOptions](../../doc/typedef/ManagerOptions.md#basemanageroptions)

- New methods :

`unloadAll()` to unload all events.  
See [EventsManager#unloadAll](../../doc/managers/EventsManager.md#unloadall)

### Inhibitors manager

- The options of `InhibitorsManager` has been changed :

The first parameter is the client and the second is an object with the [BaseManagerOptions](../../doc/typedef/ManagerOptions.md#basemanageroptions)

- New methods :

`unloadAll()` to unload all inhibitors.  
See [InhibitorsManager#unloadAll](../../doc/managers/InhibitorsManager.md#unloadall)

### SelectMenus manager

- The options of `SelectMenusManager` has been changed :

The first parameter is the client and the second is an object with the [BaseManagerOptions](../../doc/typedef/ManagerOptions.md#basemanageroptions)

- New methods :

`unloadAll()` to unload all select-menus.  
See [SelectMenusManager#unloadAll](../../doc/managers/SelectMenusManager.md#unloadall)

## Structures

Every structures now have a `manager` property.

### Commands

In commands there is a new function `onAutocomplete()` for use the autocompletion with application commands.  
See [Command#onAutocomplete](../../doc/structures/Command.md#onautocomplete).

### Events

In events options there is a new property `emitter` for use a custom event emitter.  
See [Event#emitter](../../doc/structures/Event.md#emitter)

### Inhibitors

The parameters of the `execute()` and `onFailure()` methods has been changed : the first parameter is the client and the second is the context.  
See [Inhibitor#execute](../../doc/structures/Inhibitor.md#execute) and [Inhibitor#onFailure](../../doc/structures/Inhibitor.md#onFailure) for more informations.
